Hi! Welcome to Module 3 titled as social inclusion in sport projects: Leaving no one behind!
In the age of migration, the number and importance of social inclusion projects have increased.
In the societies involving people from different backgrounds in terms of ethnicity, religion, gender and ability, to provide equal access to opportunities for every citizen is one of the primary responsibilities of states and civil society.
Projects conducted by civil society support to create an equalitarian atmosphere by both providing inclusive environment in their own body and organizing events to contribute social inclusion in the society.
Some subjects are more favourable than others to support social inclusion in the field of civil society, i.e. sports and art form an extremely favourable ground for social inclusion.
In this lecture you will learn about the issue of social inclusion in sport projects.
This module will contribute you to develop a perspective on social inclusion as volunteers.
First, you will have a tutorial session on the issue with the title of “Social inclusion in sport: Leaving no one behind”.
You will listen to experts’ ideas and read cases of social inclusion projects.
You will take tests to make practice and quizzes to check what you learned.
Now it’s time, get ready to learn!